fix(plugins): usort plugin list (#7196)
emqx/emqx: CHANGES-4.3.md

* Fix system memory false alarm at boot
* Fix the MQTT-SN message replay when the topic is not registered to the client [#6970]
* Fix rpc get node info maybe crash when other nodes is not ready.

> * Fix abnormal logs caused by duplicate plugin names in loaded_plugins files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix false alert level log “cannot_find_plugins” caused by duplicate plugin names in `loaded_plugins` files.
```
